uDiscovery redesign (#242)
eclipse-uprotocol/up-spec: up-l3/udiscovery/v3/client.adoc

.Client APIs
[#client-api]
[mermaid]
ifdef::env-github[[source,mermaid]]
----
sequenceDiagram

Client ->> UDiscoveryService: FindService()

Client ->> UDiscoveryService: FindServiceTopics()
----

In <<client-api>> above, _Client_ represents the client-facing APIs to talk to uDiscovery database that can be found in the various language libraries such as https://github.com/eclipse-uprotocol/up-cpp[up-cpp], https://github.com/eclipse-uprotocol/up-java[up-java], etc..  that are used to find services and their topics. 

== Client Facing APIs

The client facing APIs of uDiscovery provide the means for uEs to discover services (where they are located, versions, etc...), and topic metadata that a service produces (method id and permissions, publish topic message formats, etc...). The API is declared in the {discovery-proto-ref}.

[.specitem,oft-sid="dsn~discovery-client-apis~1",oft-needs="impl"]
--
Each link:../languages.adoc[uProtocol Language Library] *MUST* implement the client-side APIs of {discovery-proto-ref} using the {up-l2-ref} RpcClient. 
--

=== FindServices()

> The FindServices() API is used to find the authority(ies), instance(s), and version(s) of services based on the passed URI. The only mandatory portion of the URI that must be passed is the ue_id, the rest can be discovered. When you pass the wildcard for authority_name, the search will be done up to the domain, in order to search in the central discovery database, you must set `search_central=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FindServices() API is used to find service instances matching search criteria like authority, instance ID and (major) version. The only mandatory part of the provided (search) URI is the uEntity ID (`ue_id`), the rest can be discovered. The `recursive` flag can be used to include the uDiscovery service instance's parent nodes in the search.
```

[.specitem,oft-sid="dsn~discovery-findservices-error-notfound~1",oft-needs="impl,test"]
--
* *MUST* return a `UCode.NOT_FOUND` if no service matching the passed URI was found. 
--

[.specitem,oft-sid="dsn~discovery-findservices-error-invalid-argument~1",oft-needs="impl,test"]
--
* *MUST* return a `UCode.INVALID_ARGUMENT` if: 

>   * `search_central==true` and `authority_name` does not contain the wildcard `*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `recursive==true` and `authority_name` does not contain the wildcard `*`.
```

  * `UUri` is empty
  
--

[.specitem,oft-sid="dsn~discovery-findservices-error-permission-denied~1",oft-needs="impl,test"]
--
* *MUST* return a `UCode.PERMISSION_DENIED` if the caller is not permitted to query for that service.
--

==== Example Use Cases

 Below are example string URIs that could be passed to the API.

.FindServices() Examples
[#findservices-examples, cols="1,1,3", options="header", width="80%"]
|===

> | URI | `search_central` | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| URI | `recursive` | Description
```

| `up:/FFFF1234/FF/0` | false | Find local instances & versions of service 1234.

> | `up://*/FFFF1234/FF/0` | false | Find instances & versions of service 1234 within a domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `up://*/FFFF1234/FF/0` | false | Find instances & versions of service 1234 that are known to the local uDiscovery service instance.
```

> | `up://*/FFFF0004/FF/0` | true | Find instances & versions of service 4 that are globally addressable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `up://*/FFFF0004/FF/0` | true | Find instances & versions of service 4 that are known to the local uDiscovery service instance or any of its parent nodes.
```
